Fixes typos mistakes and errors (#17990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/contribute/open_source_etiquette/index.md

---
{{MDNSidebar}}

If you've not worked on an open-source project (OSP) before, it is a good idea to read this article before starting to contribute to MDN (or other open-source projects). There are a few best practices to adopt that will help ensure that you and the other project contributors feel valued and safe, and stay productive.

This article won't teach you everything about contributing to open source; the aim here is more to give you some good starting points to think about as you get started with open source contributions.

## Think about why you are contributing to an OSP

Before you start contributing to an open-source project, ask yourself why you want to do that. It is fine if the answer to this question is just "I'm bored and I want to find something productive to do with my time", but you can probably go deeper than that.

Even better reasons might include:

- I use this tool all the time and found a bug in it/want to help make it better.
- I want to help other people use the tool more successfully.
- I want to help other people contribute to the project more successfully.

> - I want to improve own skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I want to improve my skills.
```

- I want to publicly demonstrate my skills as part of my college or university course.
- I want to publicly demonstrate my skills to improve my chances of getting a job.

Some of these reasons are self-serving, and that's OK — if you are spending your time working on a project for free, then it is fair to expect to get something out of it. In addition, having a clear set of reasons for contributing will make it easier to decide what to work on first.

Some not-so-good reasons to start contributing are:

- I want someone to talk to.
- I want some people to troll/boss around.
- I want to show off how amazing I am.

Your presence on the project should be productive, and it shouldn't stop others from being so too.

## Be polite, be kind, and avoid incendiary or offensive language

We could abbreviate this to "be kind". This is our number one bit of advice for anyone starting open source contributions.

Be kind to the other contributors on the project, and it will be a happier and more productive place. This includes:

- Thanking people if they help you.

> - Congratulating people where appropriate (for example, if they land their first-ever pull request, or fix a particularly difficult bug).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Congratulating people where appropriate (for example, when they land their first pull request or fix a particularly difficult bug).
```

Reviewer: Sorry @theranjitraut, I added one more suggested change before I saw your fixes

## Make progress, not noise

> Think carefully about the way you handle communication in the project — make sure it is useful, and that it doesn't make other contributors' jobs harder. Submitting pull requests to fix bugs is great, but are they truly useful, and easy to review? Filing issues and joining in other conversations are fine, but are your issues and comments on topic, or are they just adding noise?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think carefully about the way you handle communication in the project — make sure it is useful, and that it doesn't make other contributors' jobs harder. Submitting pull requests to fix bugs is great, but are they truly useful, and easy to review? Filing issues and joining in other conversations is fine, but are your issues and comments on topic, or are they just adding noise?
```

The original sentence is correct. It's like saying 'doing A and B is fine'
